Project by Cory Sollberger & Zach Hutchins

Our project revolves around the implementation of an AVL tree with additional functionality.
We have a cached list of nodes which have been accessed the most, where the size of the list
is proportional to the size of the tree.

This list, "hotList", is checked first when inserting nodes
	- If a hit occurs, the node is returned to the calling function
	- If the node is not in the list, the system traverses the AVL tree
		to search for the given node
		
We tested our tree by creating a "test" button, which essentially populates the tree with a random number
of new nodes, each with a key value between 0-500.

The testing procedure checks when the node is within the hotList, and increments a counter specific to this condition
and it also checks the number of total traversals the tree must do to complete the insertion of the new nodes if the 
node is not within the hotList.

When the test is completed the outcome is set to the JTextArea (console) revealing the comparison of the two counter
variables.

Known Bugs and Incorrect/Incomplete Implementations:
- When balancing the tree there is one specific instance which is not rotated properly
	When the node, specifically a leftchild, is added to the leftmost node, the tree will do a single rotation
	where a double rotation is needed. However this bug does not occur when the rightmost child has a node added to its
	rightChild.
	
	We think the bug has something to do with the balancing information, probably due to an incorrect Balance Factor. Upon
	checking each rotation (left, right, doubleLeft, and doubleRight) we were unable to see what would cause the problem in
	only the specific instance mentioned above and not when the same thing is done but in the opposite location.
	
- Deletion of Nodes is only fully functional for "leaf" nodes, defined as a node with no non-empty children.
	Applying a deletion to any other node will not result in the correct output.
	
	 
The buttons also have tooltips which show how to make the functionality work,
type the argument into the TextField

Thank you, and Happy Holidays!
Cory Sollberger & Zach Hutchins